Hello,
I was in a computer science degree in Reims since 2019. The first year was pretty cool. We started with algo in C, but also with web programming like html CSS. For someone who had never coded, I find that the first year was quite suitable. The teachers were understandable. The second year was quite difficult, I started it twice. The first time was difficult due to the arrival of covid 19 which put a sudden change in my life and so I didn't really follow this year. The second attempt was quite successful for me. The second year of the degree is the year for me that gives a big slap to the student since we go from a fairly cool and understandable year to a year where we discover PHP and Laravel, Unix, the database etc. all this in a single semester. I find that in the second year you have to hang on tight because it's the hardest year. The teachers are also a little harder on you if you can't figure something out. The teachers we've had are also very, very hard to decipher in class. Either it's because they think differently from me or they had trouble explaining things to us. I'm now going to move on to the year where I find there are the most problems in this degree, in particular one semester. The 3rd year was the weirdest. Semester 1 was really easy with 503 and 504 with the best teacher in the degree, I'm talking about Mr. Boisson of course, who really listened, tried as hard as he could to fill in our worries and our gaps in a language. He was also into manga and anime, which brings students closer to teachers, which I find pretty cool. Unfortunately, semester 6 of the degree was the worst in terms of student grades but also in terms of courses. I'll start with info 603 first. It's a really poorly done module. I'll start by talking to the teacher. The teacher put pressure on us all the way through the practical work and even the tutorials. If we didn't get the answer we were asked for, we were dead... He chained us with morals, like we were incompetent or didn't want to work. The worst thing is that he complained that he was never asked for help in practical work (normal when the professor blames you when he goes to see you when you ask for help.
I also blame this license also for the fact that we never touched Python once and when we arrived in 603 we had to be pros on Python to do crypto.
That's why I find that the 3rd license is quite weird since we have a first semester where it's quite easy to succeed and another where we have the impression that we have a chasm of work to do by ourselves.
The atmosphere in class is pretty bad because we don't really have a sense of team or mutual aid in the license between students while we have a discord that could be used to send our corrections etc. When we are absent, it is impossible to recover the courses with this license discord. So for people who come during the year, I find that it's impossible to catch up on everything if we don't have this mutual help between students.
I would also like to talk about the poor 2 hours of tutorials every two weeks, I find that this is not at all enough to learn English. I even find that it has regressed me in English.
I would like to finish by thanking Mr. Rabat who followed us and helped us throughout the computer science degree.