The computer science degree at Reims enables students to explore various areas of the sector, while discovering several programming languages. This diversity is a real asset, as it prepares students effectively for future masters degrees. The courses are interesting, and the emphasis on autonomy is a key to success in this field. Most of the teaching staff are competent and caring. However, one regrettable aspect of the programme is the limited space given to Python. This language is widely used in research and development and is essential for Masters studies. This lack of teaching of Python may be a hindrance to students wishing to specialise in these fields. In addition, it would be desirable to strengthen mathematical skills, which are essential for understanding algorithms and data structures, key concepts in computer science. It would also be interesting to rebalance certain modules. Operating systems are important, but other subjects such as artificial intelligence, the web, cybersecurity and DevOps are becoming increasingly important in the professional world. Offering better coverage of these subjects would enable students to adapt more easily to changes in the job market. Faculty administration would also benefit from being more responsive and communicating better with students. Smoother management would help to create a more harmonious learning environment. Finally, integrating more modules with Python, DevOps and front-end frameworks from the first year, particularly in the course dedicated to the web, would be a real plus. These skills are increasingly sought after by employers and would give students an edge in their future careers. On the other hand, some projects are poorly conceived and thought through by the teachers. One example is the Licence 3 project in operating systems, particularly in the multi-threading module. This project is very large-scale and is based on methods for creating different UDP/TCP servers, but also on the management of different processes and threads, particularly with semaphores. What can cause problems is the unnecessary complexity associated with the dynamic creation of a game on the terminal, requiring a very technical mastery of the use of the terminal, which is not necessary in this module. What's more, the projects in these modules, which are shared, are explained in a very anarchic and incomprehensible way because of the addition of game rules. To sum up, although the Reims computer science degree has many strengths, a few adjustments could make it more in tune with the sector's current needs and students' expectations. 